docs: update documentation to support latest CLI release. (#8448)
firebase/flutterfire: docs/cli.mdx

| --project         | -p    | Sets the Firebase Project ID to use. By default, the CLI will attempt to fetch the project defined in the `.firebaserc` file, or prompt you to select the project from the Firebase Console.    |
| --account         | -e    | Sets the email address which should be used to authenticate with Firebase against. By default, this will use the primary account defined on the Firebase CLI.                                   |
| --out             | -o    | Specifies the path & file name for the generated file. Defaults to "lib/firebase_options.dart".                                                                                                 |
| --ios-bundle-id   | -i    | The bundle identifier of your iOS app, e.g. "com.example.app". If no identifier is provided, an attempt will be made to automatically detect it from your "ios" folder (if it exists).      |
| --macos-bundle-id | -m    | The bundle identifier of your macOS app, e.g. "com.example.app". If no identifier is provided, an attempt will be made to automatically detect it from your "macos" folder (if it exists).  |

> | --android-app-id  | -a    | The package name of your Android app, e.g. "com.example.app". If no package name is provided, an attempt will be made to automatically detect it from your "android" folder (if it exists). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --android-package-name  | -p    | The package name of your Android app, e.g. "com.example.app". If no package name is provided, an attempt will be made to automatically detect it from your "android" folder (if it exists). |
```

From https://github.com/invertase/flutterfire_cli/commit/a6d398b5bf15cfb0be30bc30682804f7041ed9e7
